docs: troubleshooting for protocol buffers installation (#11271)
langflow-ai/langflow: docs/docs/Support/troubleshooting.mdx

If you experience an error from the `webrtcvad` package, run `uv pip install webrtcvad-wheels` in your virtual environment, and then retry the Langflow installation.

### Protocol buffers (protoc) required for Intel-based Macs

If you're installing Langflow on an Intel-based Mac, you may encounter installation errors if Protocol Buffers Compiler (`protoc`) is not installed.

> This requirement does not apply to Apple Silicon Macs on ARM64.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This requirement doesn't apply to Apple Silicon Macs on ARM64.
```
